Cangfeng, don't blame me Xiaoyu
Don't underestimate what's coming at me
What is embarrassing my wife?
Okay, okay.
Give me your bitter drama
I'm going to ask you one last thing.
Do you now recognize that you are an undercover agent appointed by Jin?
Is it a demon?
So what if I am?
Hahaha, do you treat undercover?
There was only one solution.
Is to have the guards execute them on the spot
As for your wife?
I can take it home for human experimentation
Hahaha let me go
Did Cao Cao see it?
Mr. Ji is already angry
If you are not honest
You would rather die than live.
The police have sent a message and are ready to fight
Yes fast
That's right, I'm Huaguo Jingwei, very handsome
Storage Fenghua Country Jingwei Chief Marshal
Legend has it that the one who chased the evil for three thousand miles in Gushan
Awe the commander
You are all citizens of China
Disregarding the regulations of home country
Collusion overseas
Today, people and things are difficult
See where else you want to run
Enough shit
It's not your turn to go wild on Lao Tzu's turf
When the horse comes out of the long wind, you have to go out and play him
Mr. Ji, don't you remember me?